The concept of Software Defined Networking (SDN) has been successfully applied to efficiently configure and manage network infrastructure, e.g. in the context of data centres or WANs, and increasingly for ubiquitous communication. In this paper, we explore the idea of pushing SDN to the end-host. In particular, we consider the scenario of load balancing across multiple host network interfaces. We have explored and implemented different SDN-based load balancing approaches based on OpenFlow software switches, and have demonstrated the feasibility and potential of this approach.  Software Defined Networking (SDN) is a relatively new paradigm for controlling and managing computer networks. The key idea, in contrast to traditional IP networks, is the decoupling of the control plane, which determines how packets are forwarded, from the data plane, which does the actual forwarding. In SDN, a logically centralised (software) controller or Network Operating System (NOS), provides an abstraction of the distributed nature of the forwarding elements (switches, routers) to higher layer networking applications, such as routing, traffic engineering etc. Figure 1 shows the traditional SDN architecture. The bottom layer (infrastructure layer) consists of a set of connected forwarding elements, i.e. SDN switches, which represent the data plane and provide basic packet forwarding functionality. In this paper, we extend this traditional view by adding end hosts to this layer. The middle layer is the control layer consists of a centralised SDN controller which implements the functionality of a Network Operating System (NOS). The NOS deals with and hides the distributed nature of the physical network, and provides the abstraction of a network graph to higher layer services, which reside at the application layer of the SDN architecture. The SDN controller configures SDN switches by installing forwarding rules via the so called southbound interface. The predominant standard for this is OpenFlow, which we will discuss in more detail in Section II. At the top of the SDN architecture is the application layer, where network applications and services, such as traffic engineering, routing, load balancing, etc. are implemented. The research on SDN has so far mostly focussed on the management of network infrastructure devices, i.e. forwarding elements, and has been highly successful in practical deployments, in particular in data centres and WANs.